###################################
November 5, 2014
###################################

The following information reflects what is new in the edX Platform as of
November 5, 2014. See previous pages in this document for a history of changes.

****************************************
edX Release Announcements Mailing List
****************************************

These edX Course Staff Release Notes are always available and are updated with
each release of the edX Platform on `edx.org`_ and `edX Edge`_.

You can also sign up for the `edX Release Announcements mailing list`_ to get
an email message when we update the edX Course Staff Release Notes.


*************
edX Studio
*************

* The course outline interface has been enhanced. When you are working with
  units, the unit currently being viewed or edited is highlighted in the course
  outline panel on the right. (TNL-291)

  
* When courses are exported, the exported data includes sensitive information
  that should not be shared, including MATLAB API keys and LTI passports. The
  wording on the course export page has been updated to include warnings about
  sensitive data included in exported data.
  
******************************
edX Learning Management System
******************************

* Problem components in graded subsections and grade exports are now supported
  for courses using content experiments. (TNL-41)
  
**************************
edX Insights
**************************

* Addition of context-sensitive Help on each page of the edX Insights user
  interface. Click **Help** in the upper-right corner of any page to access
  relevant sections of the Using edX Insights guide. You can also download the
  entire guide as a PDF.

* Coming soon: in edX Insights, course authors will be able to view demographic
  data for students enrolled in their courses. Self-reported age, education, and
  gender data will be available to view in histogram, metrics, and table form, and
  will also be available for download in csv format.

**************************
edX Documentation
**************************

The following documentation is available:

* `Building and Running an edX Course`_

  Click **Help** in the upper-right corner of any page in the edX Studio
  user interface to access relevant sections of this guide. You can also
  download the entire guide as a PDF.

  Recent changes include:

  * Addition of a new email template that course teams can use to remind students
    that the final date to register for a verified certificate is approaching.

  * Cautions added to make course teams aware that when courses are exported,
    some of the exported data includes sensitive information that should not be
    shared, such as MATLAB API keys and LTI passports.

  * Removed the warning within documentation that grade export did not work with
    courses using content experiments. Problem components in graded subsections
    and grade exports are now supported for courses using content experiments.
.. adding line for space


* `Using edX Insights`_

  Recent changes include:

  * Addition of context-sensitive Help on each page of the edX Insights user
    interface. Click **Help** in the upper-right corner of any page to access
    relevant sections of this guide. You can also download the entire guide as a
    PDF.
.. adding line for space    
    
* `EdX Guide for Students`_

  Recent changes include:

  * Changes to reflect fact that course start times as well as dates are now shown
    for courses.

.. adding line for space

* `Creating Peer Assessments`_

* `edX Research Guide`_
  
* `edX Developer's Guide`_

* `edX XBlock Documentation`_

* `Installing, Configuring, and Running the edX Platform`_

* `edX Open Learning XML Guide`_
  
* `edX Platform API Version 0.5`_


**************************
Other edX Resources
**************************

You can access the `edX Status`_ page to get an up-to-date status for all
services on edx.org and edX Edge. The page also includes the Twitter feed for
@edXstatus, which the edX Operations team uses to post updates.

You can access the public `edX roadmap`_ for details about the currently
planned product direction.

.. include:: links.rst